C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectXDebug.exe.config
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectXDebug.exe
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectXDebug.pdb
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectX.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\SlimDX.dll
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectX.pdb
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\SlimDX.pdb
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\SlimDX.xml
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\obj\Release\DirectXDebug.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\obj\Release\DirectXDebug.exe
C:\Users\samuel\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\obj\Release\DirectXDebug.pdb
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectXDebug.exe.config
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\obj\Release\DirectXDebug.exe
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\obj\Release\DirectXDebug.pdb
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectXDebug.exe
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectXDebug.pdb
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectX.dll
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\SlimDX.dll
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\DirectX.pdb
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\SlimDX.pdb
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\bin\Release\SlimDX.xml
c:\Users\Dalesjo\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DirectX\DirectXDebug\obj\Release\DirectXDebug.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
